Apereo CAS : Enterprise SSO
Jackson JAX-RS providers
Jackson-core: Java JSON API

OpenWS: provides set of tools to work with web services at a low level.
include classes for creating and reading SOAP messages, transport-independent clients for connecting to web services, 
and various transports for use with those clients.

Opensaml:provides tools to support developers working with the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML).

XMLTooling: to construct libraries to work with XML in java-beans manner.

XMLSec: Apache XML Security for Java

Commons DBCP: Commons Database Connection Pooling

hibernate-jpa-2.0-api:Hibernate definition of the Java Persistence 2.0 (JSR 317) API.

Maven-replacer-plugin : to replace tokens in a given file with a value

Rhino: embedded in java-apps to provide scripting to users

OWASP AntiSamy: for performing fast, configurable cleansing of HTML coming from untrusted sources

UrlRewriteFilter: Java Web Filter for any J2EE compliant web application server 
					which allows you to rewrite URLs before they get to your code
					
Apache CXF: to develop SOAP web-services

Apache woden: provides a Java API for reading, manipulating, creating and writing WSDL documents

Logging: slf4j, log4j, logback-classic

JCIFS: implements the CIFS/SMB networking protocol in 100% Java...file sharing protocol(e.g. map network drive)....

Hsqldb: in-memory database

Xalan: an XSLT processor for transforming XML documents into HTML, text, or other XML 

jregex : regular expression library for Java

joda-time: widely used replacement for the Java date and time classes prior to Java SE 8

JDOM:solution for accessing, manipulating, and outputting XML data

jettison: object to/from JSON

jfreechart: Java chart library

jaxen: universal Java XPath engine.

iText: library for creating and manipulating PDF files in Java.

Bouncy Castle: collection of APIs used in cryptography

FreeMarker: to replace placeholders from java 

Geronimo: uses activeMQ jms

dtdparser: parse DTD in java

ezmorph: java library for transforming an Object to another Object.

dom4j: Flexible XML framework for Java

commons-lang: Java utility classes

antlr: ANother Tool for Language Recognition is a powerful parser generator for reading, processing, executing, or translating structured text or binary files.

asm: java bytecode manipulation framework

cglib: API to generate and transform Java byte code

xercesImpl:high performance, fully compliant XML parser

beanshell: lightweight scripting for java

jython: python in java

kxml2: small xml parser

spring-security-core: providing both authentication and authorization to Java applications

Spring, Spring webmvc, Spring-tx: 4.1.9

Apache POI- access microsoft office files

xstream: object to/from xml

saaj: SOAP with Attachments API for Java

stax: stream xml to/from application

Groovy: A powerful, dynamic language for the JVM

jaxm: java API for xml messaging

json-lib: Java library for transforming beans, maps, collections, java arrays and XML to JSON.

perf4j: Performance statistics logging and monitoring toolkit extension to log4j, logback

SOJO: allows you to convert Java object graphs into a specific structure (CSV, JSON, XML, etc).

aspectjweaver: The AspectJ weaver introduces advices to java classes

ognl: Object Graph Navigation Library

person-directory: framework for resolving persons and attributes from a variety of underlying sources.

inspektr: Lightweight non-Intruisive Auditing and Logging capabilities for Java 

jboss-logging + jbossweb

javassist:makes Java bytecode manipulation simple

esapi:to create simple strong security controls for every web platform

tomcat: connectors

weblogic rmi

wsadmin :  a command shell for the purpose of performing systems administration on all the artifacts in an IBM WebSphere Application Server

Apache HttpClient:  allows to handling HTTP requests

jetty dependencies: java http server and servlet container..

servlet: 2.5 , jsp:2.2